Add monitoring info and guidelines (#6884)
kyma-project/kyma: resources/README.md

The version of the actual component image is located under the **global.{name_of_component}.version** property.
**{name_of_component}** is a directory name of the component where dashes are replaced by underscores.

### Add monitoring to components

Include configuration files for Service Monitors, alert rules, and dashboards under your component's chart to ensure proper health check monitoring of your component. 

For an example of such a component, see [Service Catalog](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/master/resources/service-catalog/charts/catalog/templates) that contains the [ServiceMonitor](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/master/resources/service-catalog/charts/catalog/templates/controller-manager-service-monitor.yaml) and [dashboard](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/master/resources/service-catalog/charts/catalog/templates/dashboard-configmap.yaml) configurations.

When creating a ServiceMonitor resource, follow this naming convention:

> | Resource | Description | Name/Pattern | Example |

Reviewer: I would change the order of columns into: `| Resource |  Name/Pattern | Example | Description |`

|-----------|-------------|---------------| --------|

> | Service monitor| Name of the file which contains Service Monitor specification. | `service-monitor.yaml`  |`service-monitor.yaml`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Service monitor| Name of the file which contains the service monitor's specification. | `service-monitor.yaml`  |`service-monitor.yaml`|
```

> | Service monitor| Name of the resource in the **metadata** section of the file.  | `{chart_name}-{name_of_monitored_chart_component}` | `monitoring-grafana`, where the name of the main chart is **monitoring**, and the monitored component is **grafana**.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Service monitor| Name of the resource in the **metadata** section of the file.  | `{chart_name}-{name_of_monitored_chart_component}` | `monitoring-grafana`, where the name of the main chart is **monitoring**, and the monitored component is **grafana**.|
```

> | Alert rule| Name of the file which contains Alert rule specification | `prometheus-rules.yaml` | `prometheus-rules.yaml` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Alert rule| Name of the file which contains the alert rule's specification | `prometheus-rules.yaml` | `prometheus-rules.yaml` |
```

> | Alert rule | `{chart_name}` if the resource contains rules for all components of the chart, `{name_of_main_chart}-{name_of_component_chart}` if every component has its own set of rules.  |`monitoring` if the resource contains all alert rules for monitoring, `monitoring-grafana`, if it contains only the rules for grafana. | Name of the resource in the **metadata** section of the file.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Alert rule | `{chart_name}` if the resource contains rules for all components of the chart, `{name_of_main_chart}-{name_of_component_chart}` if every component has its own set of rules.  |`monitoring` if the resource contains all alert rules for monitoring, `monitoring-grafana`, if it contains only the rules for Grafana. | Name of the resource in the **metadata** section of the file.|
```

> | Alert rule| Name of the resource in the **metadata** section of the file. | `{chart_name}` if the resource contains rules for all components of the chart, `{name_of_main_chart}-{name_of_chart_component}` if every component has its own set of rules.  |`monitoring` if the resource contains all alert rules for the monitoring component, `monitoring-grafana`, if it contains only the rules for the grafana component. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Alert rule| Name of the resource in the **metadata** section of the file. | `{chart_name}` if the resource contains rules for all components of the chart, `{name_of_main_chart}-{name_of_chart_component}` if every component has its own set of rules.  |`monitoring` if the resource contains all alert rules for the Monitoring component, `monitoring-grafana` if it contains only the rules for the Grafana component. |
```

Reviewer: component - meaning here?

> | Dashboard| Name of the file which contains dashboard specification. |`dashboard-configmap.yaml`|`dashboard-configmap.yaml`|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Dashboard| Name of the file which contains the dashboard's specification. |`dashboard-configmap.yaml`|`dashboard-configmap.yaml`|
```

The version of the actual component image is located under the **global.{name_of_component}.version** property.
**{name_of_component}** is a directory name of the component where dashes are replaced by underscores.

### Add monitoring to components

> To monitor the health of your component properly, make sure you include configuration files for Service Monitors, alert rules, and dashboards under your component's chart. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include configuration files for Service Monitors, alert rules, and dashboards under your component's chart to ensure proper health check monitoring of your component.
```

> For reference, see [this](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/master/resources/service-catalog/charts/catalog/templates) example of the service catalog component including the [ServiceMonitor](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/master/resources/service-catalog/charts/catalog/templates/controller-manager-service-monitor.yaml) and [dashboard](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/master/resources/service-catalog/charts/catalog/templates/dashboard-configmap.yaml) configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an example of such a component, see the [Service Catalog ](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/master/resources/service-catalog/charts/catalog/templates) that contains the [ServiceMonitor](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/master/resources/service-catalog/charts/catalog/templates/controller-manager-service-monitor.yaml) and [dashboard](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/master/resources/service-catalog/charts/catalog/templates/dashboard-configmap.yaml) configurations.
```

> When creating a service monitor resource, follow this naming convention:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating the ServiceMonitor resource, follow this naming convention:
```

> 

Reviewer: Or you could create a table with such columns: resource, purpose, naming pattern + (optional) comments/description?
